<table><thead><tr><th>Prop Name</th><th>Type</th><th>Is Required</th><th>Default Value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>defaultValue</td><td>string</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>The defaultValue of the search field. Use this to create an uncontrolled search field.</td></tr><tr><td>disableAutoSearch</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>When true, will disable the auto-search.</td></tr><tr><td>isBlock</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether or not the field should display as a block.</td></tr><tr><td>isDisabled</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>When true, will disable the field.</td></tr><tr><td>minimumSearchTextLength</td><td>number</td><td>optional</td><td>2</td><td>The minimum number of characters to perform a search.</td></tr><tr><td>placeholder</td><td>string</td><td>optional</td><td>''</td><td>Placeholder text to show while the search field is empty.</td></tr><tr><td>onChange</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Function to trigger when user changes the input value. Provide a function to create a controlled input.</td></tr><tr><td>onInvalidSearch</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>A callback to indicate an invalid search. Sends parameter {String} searchText.</td></tr><tr><td>onSearch</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>A callback to perform search. Sends parameter {String} searchText.</td></tr><tr><td>searchDelay</td><td>number</td><td>optional</td><td>250</td><td>How long the component should wait (in milliseconds) after input before performing an automatic search.</td></tr><tr><td>value</td><td>string</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>The value of search field.  Use this to create a controlled search field.</td></tr><tr><td>inputRefCallback</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Callback ref to pass into the inner input component.</td></tr><tr><td>inputAttributes</td><td>object</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Custom input attributes to apply to the input field such as aria-label.</td></tr></tbody><table>