<table><thead><tr><th>Prop Name</th><th>Type</th><th>Is Required</th><th>Default Value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>defaultValue</td><td>string</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>The defaultValue of the textarea. Use this to create an uncontrolled textarea.</td></tr><tr><td>disabled</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether the textarea is disabled.</td></tr><tr><td>isAutoResizable</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether the textarea can be auto-resized vertically. _(Will be ignored if size attribute is set to "full".)_</td></tr><tr><td>isInvalid</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether the form is invalid</td></tr><tr><td>name</td><td>string</td><td>optional</td><td>null</td><td>Name of the input.</td></tr><tr><td>onChange</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Function to trigger when user changes the textarea value. Provide a function to create a controlled input.</td></tr><tr><td>onFocus</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Function to trigger when user focuses on this textarea.</td></tr><tr><td>required</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether the input is required or not.</td></tr><tr><td>rows</td><td>number</td><td>optional</td><td>null</td><td>Value to set for the rows attribute of the textarea. This takes presidence over size when setting the height of the textarea.</td></tr><tr><td>size</td><td>enum</td><td>optional</td><td>'small'</td><td>The size of the textarea. _(Sizes the textarea by setting the rows attribute a corresponding preset value.)_</td></tr><tr><td>value</td><td>string</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>The value of the textarea. Use this to create a controlled textarea.</td></tr><tr><td>refCallback</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Function callback for the ref of the textarea. Useful for advanced functionality such as managing focus, selection, or animations.</td></tr></tbody><table>