<table><thead><tr><th>Prop Name</th><th>Type</th><th>Is Required</th><th>Default Value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>href</td><td>string</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Sets the href. When set will render the component as an anchor tag.</td></tr><tr><td>icon</td><td>element</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>An optional icon. Nested inline with the text when provided.</td></tr><tr><td>isIconOnly</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether or not the button should only display as an icon.</td></tr><tr><td>isBlock</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether or not the button should display as a block.</td></tr><tr><td>isCompact</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether or not the button has reduced padding</td></tr><tr><td>isDisabled</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether or not the button should be disabled.</td></tr><tr><td>isReversed</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Reverses the position of the icon and text.</td></tr><tr><td>onClick</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Callback function triggered when clicked.</td></tr><tr><td>onBlur</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Callback function triggered when button loses focus.</td></tr><tr><td>onFocus</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Callback function triggered when button gains focus.</td></tr><tr><td>onKeyDown</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Callback function triggered when key is pressed.</td></tr><tr><td>onKeyUp</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Callback function triggered when key is released.</td></tr><tr><td>refCallback</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Callback ref to pass into the dom element.</td></tr><tr><td>text</td><td>string</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Sets the button text. If the button is `isIconOnly` or variant `utility` this text is set as the aria-label and title for accessibility.</td></tr><tr><td>title</td><td>string</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Additional information to display as a native tooltip on hover. Buttons declared as `isIconOnly` or `utility` will fallback to using `text` if not provided.</td></tr><tr><td>type</td><td>enum</td><td>optional</td><td>'button'</td><td>Sets the button type. One of `button`, `submit`, or `reset`.</td></tr><tr><td>variant</td><td>enum</td><td>optional</td><td>'neutral'</td><td>Sets the button variant. One of `neutral`,  `emphasis`, `ghost`, `de-emphasis`, `action` or `utility`.</td></tr></tbody><table>