<table><thead><tr><th>Prop Name</th><th>Type</th><th>Is Required</th><th>Default Value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>isCollapsed</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>@private Whether or not the section is collapsed.</td></tr><tr><td>isCollapsible</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>@private Whether or not the section can be collapsed.</td></tr><tr><td>level</td><td>enum</td><td>optional</td><td>1</td><td>Optionally sets the heading level. One of `1`, `2`, `3`, `4`, `5`, `6`.</td></tr><tr><td>metaData</td><td>object</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>@private The associated metaData to be provided in the onSelect callback.</td></tr><tr><td>onSelect</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>@private Function callback for when the appropriate click or key action is performed. Callback contains the javascript evnt and prop metadata, e.g. onSelect(event, metaData)</td></tr><tr><td>refCallback</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Function callback passthrough for the ref of the section li.</td></tr><tr><td>title</td><td>string</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Title text to be placed within the section header.</td></tr><tr><td>onBlur</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>@private Callback function not intended for use with this API, but if set pass it through to the element regardless.</td></tr><tr><td>onClick</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>@private Callback function not intended for use with this API, but if set pass it through to the element regardless.</td></tr><tr><td>onKeyDown</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>@private Callback function not intended for use with this API, but if set pass it through to the element regardless.</td></tr><tr><td>onMouseDown</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>@private Callback function not intended for use with this API, but if set pass it through to the element regardless.</td></tr></tbody><table>