<table><thead><tr><th>Prop Name</th><th>Type</th><th>Is Required</th><th>Default Value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>children</td><td>node</td><td>optional</td><td>[]</td><td>The content element to be placed inside the list item for display.</td></tr><tr><td>hasChevron</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether or not the list item has a disclosure indicator presented.</td></tr><tr><td>isSelected</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether or not the list item should have selection styles applied.</td></tr><tr><td>isSelectable</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether or not the list item should have styles to indicate the item is selectable.</td></tr><tr><td>metaData</td><td>object</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>The associated metaData to be provided in the onSelect callback.</td></tr><tr><td>onSelect</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Function callback for when the appropriate click or key action is performed. Callback contains the javascript evnt and prop metadata, e.g. onSelect(event, metaData)</td></tr><tr><td>refCallback</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Function callback for the ref of the li.</td></tr><tr><td>onBlur</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>@private Callback function not intended for use with this API, but if set pass it through to the element regardless.</td></tr><tr><td>onClick</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>@private Callback function not intended for use with this API, but if set pass it through to the element regardless.</td></tr><tr><td>onKeyDown</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>@private Callback function not intended for use with this API, but if set pass it through to the element regardless.</td></tr><tr><td>onMouseDown</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>@private Callback function not intended for use with this API, but if set pass it through to the element regardless.</td></tr></tbody><table>