<table><thead><tr><th>Prop Name</th><th>Type</th><th>Is Required</th><th>Default Value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>allowClear</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether a clear option is available to clear the selection, will use placeholder text if provided. This is not applicable to the `multiple` or `tag` variants since the selection can already be deselected using the tag.</td></tr><tr><td>children</td><td>node</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>The dropdown menu options.</td></tr><tr><td>defaultValue</td><td>union</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>The default selected value.</td></tr><tr><td>disabled</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether the select is disabled.</td></tr><tr><td>dropdownAttrs</td><td>object</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Additional attributes to spread onto the dropdown. ( Style, ClassNames, etc.. )</td></tr><tr><td>isInvalid</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether the select is in an invalid state.</td></tr><tr><td>maxHeight</td><td>number</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>The max height of the dropdown.</td></tr><tr><td>maxSelectionCount</td><td>number</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>@private The maximum number of options that can be selected. A value less than 2 will be ignored. Only applicable to variants allowing multiple selections (e.g.; `multiple`; `tag`).</td></tr><tr><td>noResultContent</td><td>node</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Content to display when no results are found.</td></tr><tr><td>onBlur</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Callback function triggered when the select loses focus. function(event)</td></tr><tr><td>onChange</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Callback function triggered when the value changes. function(value)</td></tr><tr><td>onClick</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Callback function triggered when the select is clicked. function(event)</td></tr><tr><td>onDeselect</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Callback function triggered when an option is deselected. function(value)</td></tr><tr><td>onFocus</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Callback function triggered when the select receives focus. function(event)</td></tr><tr><td>onSearch</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Callback function triggered when the search criteria changes. function(searchValue)</td></tr><tr><td>onSelect</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Callback function triggered when an option is selected. function(value)</td></tr><tr><td>optionFilter</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Callback function invoked for each option on search change. function(searchValue, option)</td></tr><tr><td>placeholder</td><td>string</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Placeholder text.</td></tr><tr><td>required</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether the field is required.</td></tr><tr><td>value</td><td>union</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>The selected value.</td></tr><tr><td>variant</td><td>enum</td><td>optional</td><td>'default'</td><td>The behavior of the select. One of `default`, `combobox`, `multiple`, `tag`, or `search`.</td></tr></tbody><table>