<table><thead><tr><th>Prop Name</th><th>Type</th><th>Is Required</th><th>Default Value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>allowClear</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether a clear option is available to clear the selection. This is not applicable to the `multiple` or `tag` variants since the selection can already be deselected using the tag.</td></tr><tr><td>children</td><td>node</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>The select options.</td></tr><tr><td>label</td><td>node</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>The field label.</td></tr><tr><td>defaultValue</td><td>union</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>The default value of the select.</td></tr><tr><td>disabled</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether the input is disabled.</td></tr><tr><td>error</td><td>node</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Error message displayed when the select is invalid.</td></tr><tr><td>help</td><td>node</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Help message to display with the select.</td></tr><tr><td>hideRequired</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether to hide the required indicator on the label.</td></tr><tr><td>isInline</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether the field is displayed inline. Displays block by default.</td></tr><tr><td>isInvalid</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether the field is invalid.</td></tr><tr><td>isLabelHidden</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether the label is hidden. Allows hiding the label while meeting accessibility guidelines.</td></tr><tr><td>labelAttrs</td><td>object</td><td>optional</td><td>{}</td><td>Additional attributes to spread onto the label.</td></tr><tr><td>maxSelectionCount</td><td>number</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>The maximum number of options that can be selected. A value less than 2 will be ignored. Only applicable to variants allowing multiple selections (e.g.; `multiple`; `tag`).</td></tr><tr><td>maxWidth</td><td>string</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Set the max-width of a field using `length` or `%`.  Best practice recommendation to never exceed a rendered value of 1020px. _(Note: Providing custom inline styles will take precedence.)_</td></tr><tr><td>onChange</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Callback function triggered when the select value changes. function(value)</td></tr><tr><td>placeholder</td><td>string</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Placeholder text.</td></tr><tr><td>required</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether the field is required.</td></tr><tr><td>selectAttrs</td><td>object</td><td>optional</td><td>{}</td><td>Additional attributes to spread onto the select.</td></tr><tr><td>selectId</td><td>string</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>The Select identifier. Links the htmlFor of the field to the select identifier.</td></tr><tr><td>showOptional</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether to append the 'optional' label to a non-required field label.</td></tr><tr><td>value</td><td>union</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>The value of the select.</td></tr><tr><td>variant</td><td>enum</td><td>optional</td><td>'default'</td><td>The select variant. One of `default`, `combobox`, `multiple`, `tag`, or `search`.</td></tr></tbody><table>