<table><thead><tr><th>Prop Name</th><th>Type</th><th>Is Required</th><th>Default Value</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>inputId</td><td>string</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>Id of the input. Populates both the input and the htmlFor prop of the wrapper Field.</td></tr><tr><td>label</td><td>node</td><td>optional</td><td>none</td><td>The label of the form control children.</td></tr><tr><td>defaultValue</td><td>union</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>The defaultValue of the input field. Use this to create an uncontrolled input.</td></tr><tr><td>disabled</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether the input is disabled.</td></tr><tr><td>error</td><td>node</td><td>optional</td><td>null</td><td>Error message for when the input is invalid.</td></tr><tr><td>errorIcon</td><td>element</td><td>optional</td><td>Field.defaultProps.errorIcon</td><td>Error Icon to display when the input is invalid.</td></tr><tr><td>help</td><td>node</td><td>optional</td><td>null</td><td>Help element to display with the input.</td></tr><tr><td>hideRequired</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether or not to hide the required indicator on the label.</td></tr><tr><td>inputAttrs</td><td>object</td><td>optional</td><td>{}</td><td>Attributes to attach to the input object</td></tr><tr><td>isInline</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether or not the field is an inline field.</td></tr><tr><td>isInvalid</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether or not the field is invalid.</td></tr><tr><td>isLabelHidden</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether or not the label is visible. Use this props to hide a label while still creating it on the DOM for accessibility.</td></tr><tr><td>labelAttrs</td><td>object</td><td>optional</td><td>{}</td><td>Attributes to attach to the label.</td></tr><tr><td>maxWidth</td><td>string</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Set the max-width of a field using `length` or `%`.  Best practice recommendation to never exceed a rendered value of 1020px. _(Note: Providing custom inline styles will take precedence.)_</td></tr><tr><td>onChange</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Function to trigger when user changes the input value. Provide a function to create a controlled input.</td></tr><tr><td>refCallback</td><td>func</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Ref callback to pass into the ref attribute of the html input element.</td></tr><tr><td>required</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether or not the field is required.</td></tr><tr><td>showOptional</td><td>bool</td><td>optional</td><td>false</td><td>Whether or not to append the 'optional' label to a non-required field label.</td></tr><tr><td>type</td><td>string</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>Specifies the type of input element to display.</td></tr><tr><td>value</td><td>union</td><td>optional</td><td>undefined</td><td>The value of the input field. Use this to create a controlled input.</td></tr></tbody><table>